Corrects example of a CLI in the Read the Doc documentation (#1673)
metoppv/improver: doc/source/about.rst

.. code:: console

    bin/improver threshold input.nc --threshold-values 5,10,15,20 --threshold-units m/s --output output.nc

> 

Author: Thanks for mention this. I hadn't considered it. I've updated the doc to include a bullet point covering this.

> * threshold is the name of file to be called. In cases where the name has under-scores these should be written as hyphens e.g. snow_fraction would be written as snow-fraction.

Reviewer: I think that this would be more accurate:
```suggestion
* threshold is the name of the CLI to be called. In cases where the name of the CLI has underscores these should be written as hyphens e.g. snow_fraction would be written as snow-fraction.
```

Author: Done. Thanks for spotting that.
